Fix broken link (#287)
hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator: README.md

## Documentation

1. [Get started](https://docs.hazelcast.com/operator/latest/get-started) with the Operator.

> 2. [Connect the cluster from outside Kubernetes](https://guides.hazelcast.org/hazelcast-platform-operator-expose-externally)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Connect the cluster from outside Kubernetes](https://docs.hazelcast.com/tutorials/hazelcast-platform-operator-expose-externally)
```
https://guides.hazelcast.org/ is obsolete, and https://docs.hazelcast.com/tutorials/ is the new main page for our guides/tutorials.
